Making technology visible, so it's understandable.

Device panel design:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neumorphism

Gizmo ideas:
	Misc:
		_Info Panel/Note - point to a joint and show text
		_Ammeter - Count Gizmos between two joints.
		_Bundle - Taps bits from a bus into separate lines.
		Constant - A binary number that doesn't change. Can also be set to produce pull-up/pull-down effect.
		Gate - Combines Diode, Hi-Z Buffer and can also be a NOT gate
		Relay - Switches between two network ports depending on a control signal.
		Monostable - A pulse flips output, which then returns after a set time.
		Heartbeat - A synchronization clock.
	Combinational:
		Bus Match - Compares input with given value, outputting high if they are equal.
		Bit Counter - Counts how many bits in a value are High or LowBit Counter - Counts how many bits in a value are High or Low
		Condition Check - A logic gate; All/Some, Any/None, Odd/Even
		Multiplexer - Selects one from many inputs to the output.
		Demultiplexer - Selects one of many outputs to relay the input.
		Bit Selector - A multiplexer that outputs a bit from a bus value, selected by another value.
		Codec - Converts one value into another according to some rule, like binary number into 7 segment pattern or a rotation shift.
	Sequential:
		Register/Bistable - Stores data; Latch (transparent input), Toggle (Flip-Flop), Implier (J-K Flip-Flop)
		Shifter - Moves bits along a chain of registers. Can be a FIFO memory if bitwidth is larger than 1.
		Counter - A Register which can change its state internal with an update signal.
	Automata:
		ROM - The user can write data in that persist, or take it from a file. Can only be read.
		RAM - The user can write data in to start as a default, but can be written along with writing.
		Turing - As in "Turing Machine", a microcontroller or central processor; can have a script written to it to manage inputs and outputs.
		Teletype - A text line that can be written to, producing output signals and displays text according to inputs.
	Input:
		Push Button - Can also be toggled. Can be stacked to act like a DIP Switch.
		Slider - Outputs a binary number according to position on a scale.
		Key - Select a Keyboard key to respond to, producing a signal.
		Joystick - A circle that can be dragged to produce an X value and a Y value on different outputs.
	Output:
		LED - a single bulb that lights up if input is high. Can be stacked to make a bargraph. A bitwidth can make them addressable.
		Segmented Display - LEDs arranged in a particular way that light up in a certain pattern according to the code in a bus.
		Matrix Display - LEDs arranged in 2D plane.
		Speaker - Plays a sound.

Cabling/Bundle/Combiner/Splitter Is implemented as a Via connected to a bus and relays to other wires
certain bits specified in options. Effectively wire taps.
